wordBreak Option, cleaned up logic on what function to use (#28)
Frondor/vue-line-clamp: README.md

| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| importCss  | Boolean | false  | Set to `true` in order to import styles into `<head>` automatically, element.style is used by default
| textOverflow  | String | `ellipsis`  | Set the value for [`text-overflow`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-overflow) property in modern browsers

> | wordBreak | String | `break-all` | set the value for [`word-break`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/word-break)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| wordBreak | String | `break-word` | Set the value for [`word-break`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/word-break)
```

### Changelog

> **1.2.5** - Implemented `wordBreak` option, refactored how the backup function is called

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**v1.6.0** - Implemented `wordBreak` option, refactored how the backup function is called
```
